[Music]
today I'm back with another meal prep
video and I'm going to be doing some
breakfast quick and really easy meal
prep ideas breakfast might be my
favorite meal of the day I just find it
really energizing and satisfying and I
don't like to have anything too heavy in
a morning just so I don't end up feeling
like sluggish so it's something
relatively light just to get me started
before we get straight into it I'd
really appreciate it if you could like
this video and subscribe if you aren't
already it really helps my channel and
is so appreciative you're able to need
some containers whether that's like
mason jars plastic containers whatever
you find easiest to store things if you
are printing for like on-the-go is a
really quick and easy recipes that are
perfect for if you're working if you're
at uni if you're at school
literally whatever you know we all have
these busy lifestyles and this meal prep
it just makes everything a lot quicker
and stops the urge to just like call up
McDonald's you know my containers in two
different sizes I'll do everything in my
usual format and what I like to do is
well just first start meal prepping is
literally just write out my like
measurements and sort because I track on
my foods
I really recommend doing the same if you
are meal prepping just so that you know
like you've got your portion sizes right
and I just think things taste better if
you've not got like unequal amounts and
so I'm going to start with some
chocolate overnight oats into prep for
four days this is just my usual hello
from the voice-over so it's starting
with some oats you're going to need some
of these I'm just using these Aldi ones
they're just organic ones really nice
and fluffy and then you're also going to
need some milk of choice
I'm going for my usual almond
unsweetened I got that from Audi as well
and then I'm using a tonne of protein
and this is optional obviously you don't
have to include that and then make them
nice and chocolatey I'm using some raw
cacao powder you could use like hot
chocolate powder if you prefer because
it's quite a bit of taste and then
optional toppings I am going for chia
seeds cacao nibs you could even use like
milk chocolate or dark chocolate nibs
but yeah these are my current faves as
well as some bananas for the toppings
these make all the difference and then
I'm going to starting with my scales and
my little containers and I'm just
feeling each container with 40 grams of
oats oats oh it's in each container and
I just find this at easiest way to make
them and just you know get that even
load in terms of like portion size just
do your portions to suit yourself like
we're not all gonna have the exact same
macros in one and I do have these as
like just snacks as well there's like
breakfast meals God Here I am like
having 3 3 bunches of oats today then
I'm just measuring now 600 grams of
almond milk and I quite like my oak
consistency need to be more like they're
running aside rather than thick and
that's just like personal preference I
guess like we're all different some
people like thicker kind of like thicker
and whatnot then I'm using my cookies
and Queen impact whey protein this
flavor and the cinnamon Danish is my
favorite and I'm measuring out 100 grams
of protein and so it works out 25 grams
of protein like in each portion which is
really good because it's high-protein I
like to have quite a high protein diet
in general and this tastes amazing and
then giving that a bit of a stir and
then after I add my 25 grams of cacao
powder you could add maybe more
depending on like just how Choksey or
like bitter you want your chocolates to
be and and then once you pop that in
make sure you blend it because it's
impossible to stir with the pack our
powder especially cuz it's like cold
milk and it's not hot as search so just
blast in that
in the blender this is a bit of the most
touching or unless you've got like a you
know Casto in a metal spoon and then I'm
pouring 140 milliliters of protein milk
into each and and this can vary always
if you've like got that added protein so
just by even out now I'm going to add my
toppings let's see if you want your
toppings like fresh each day then you
could just add them right in the morning
don't you take your oats out but I'm
just putting them all on today I'm gonna
use some banana cacao nibs some chia
seeds sunflower seeds and some zero
sugar zero calorie flavor drops I forgot
to link these in the last video so make
sure that the flavor drops are linked
below at cacao nibs are quite a bit to
taste if you haven't tried them before
so you could use like milk chocolate
chips or like any other alternatives and
of course if she's like your favorite
toppings so I'm using two grams of chia
seeds are in each caution I love the
texture that seeds add I think it really
makes out all the difference I remember
the first time I had seeds and it was in
like a Starbucks porridge thing and it
just start just makes a big difference I
thought like crazy seed lady actually
saying that and then you know the drill
by now I am obsessed with these vanilla
drops like I have them every single day
and their last stages so I'm popping
these like just one because they're
really strong into each thing and then
just stirring that round and I've linked
those in the description because I think
I forgot to do that last time and then
I'm just popping my banana toppings in
I'm using about 40 grams of the nut
banana be careful with banana because I
remember like back in the day I used to
just have like tea bananas with my oats
and that is there's got the quite high
calorie so yeah just watch out for that
but absolutely love chocolate oats with
banana toppings like it's just such a
lot of banging combo to be honest and
then I'm just sprinkling about two grams
of cacao nibs on the top I'm gonna first
with these things I have them in my egg
whites as well I'll do that make sure I
cover that in another video because I've
been making some really nice like egg
white
snacks like sweet egg whites it's like
eating a dessert but yeah you could use
like chocolate chips as well if you
don't really like cacao is quite bitter
and then I'm also going all-out with the
seeds today as you can tell and then I'm
just popping some spring popping
sprinkling some sunflower seeds but
these overnights oils are literally jam
packed with vitamins and minerals and
toxins
you know me they're really good and very
fulfilling on to the next one which is a
green protein smoothie now this is
perfect if you're someone who doesn't
like a big meal in the morning or you
just want something really quick
refreshing and energizing then this is
for you and following an instagramer
you've probably seen I've been having
these like multiple times a day so so
nice also nice as a snack as well but a
really good breakfast and high protein
on the go and drink it in the car will
have and your knees like a few
ingredients really really quick and you
just in a blender and job to hurt
so this is without a doubt the quickest
one so you're going to need some protein
I'm using cinnamon Danish flavor some
spinach or you could use kale absolutely
spinach so almond milk you need quite a
lot of this for like four portions worth
and of course some bananas but make sure
they're frozen and then you've got to do
this separately like as in I am you've
got to do two tones in the blender
because a receipt work office it's a
full portion is worse so I'm using 60
grams of the protein 120 grams of frozen
banana 60 grams of spinach so this is
they're like two portions I'm making
first off and then 400 grams of almond
milk but obviously just make sure like
your blender is about the same size as
mine don't try to do it in like a small
because it'll just overspill whisk that
all up really really quick you can do
this like any more is why you'd have to
like prepare in advance but a phone you
live in like a shared household
obviously the blend is really noisy
isn't it in the morning like don't think
the whole fan would be impressed if you
used to wake everyone up and then that
is it like literally as quick as that
and you've got two portions worth you
could pop hitting some jars I'm just
put in some like protein shakers then
also sealing it and I seal it with some
cling film and then I also just put like
a lid on it as you're going out the door
I always lose them they're like protein
shake to lids like I had so many I have
loads of the bottles but God knows where
the lids are I think ice mason that she
was done and then I'm just making that
the second portion so like I said same
again
but to the next to because I can't fit
it all in one I hope that's clear enough
like I hope I've made that clear but I
just love this it's literally just like
throwing everything in it's really
really really good for you like full of
vitamin A C K loads of fiber and if you
don't get enough like fruit or veg in
during the day then this is an absolute
shout and especially at the end of the
days where like you could not only for
breakfast and if you don't like super
thick filling Brett likes just you want
something a bit lighter in the morning
then you know is like a breakfast
burrito with a CD rack really really
nice
it's sort of like you guys have a wrap
you could have life time a breakfast bun
or a bagel or Rito's a really easy cuz
you can freeze them as well this is more
like a filling breakfast I swear by this
life than like mayo from Lidl so use
that after all it's a bit like a butter
as well as an active topping thing so
for the last one you're going to need
some wraps of preference I'm just using
some seeded rome's some chicken
chipolatas or like any sausages that you
prefer some eggs using for whites and
for forelegs and then it's some like
light mayo or tomato sauce so I'm
starting with pop in my sausages in the
oven I put a bit of seasoning in and I'm
using 4x and for whites given that all
astir together and using a bit of 2
grams of coconut oil and lining out my
little tray thing make sure you do this
because it just doesn't go splat and
then I'm just pouring all that in
but yet make sure it's lined like you
could use foil as well popping that in
the oven for about food I've just popped
the egg in the oven you've really got to
keep your eye on as it goes through 200
and you don't want to burn it or
anything I'm really excited for these
breakfast wraps as soon as I've finished
filming this video I'm going to eat I
had a few comments in my latest video
asking about my guide it's an 8 week
body guide if it can be used to lower
your body fat or you could also use it
to gain muscle mass it's got everything
including that on my how to do that and
suit it to your goal so I'll leave that
linked down below
Wow how nice does that look so that is
the egg and I'm just cutting it into
like four slices because I've made four
portions were and then grabbing my wraps
out and I was just going for wraps these
are really big ones and I really like
the seeded ones from Aldi they're really
good and so yeah just getting them out
ready to pop the egg into and my
sausages are out and the best thing
about these as well is that you can
freeze them really really easy and like
they're just good to grab and go I
always put them in the tinfoil and then
you can just pop them in the oven or
like microwave and but yeah just super
easy and they don't go like you know
sometimes stuff and go like a bit soggy
and it's not okay and so yeah these are
also like really satisfying you know
just someone who likes a big breakfast
like this is a really good idea and then
I'm just using some light mayo I'll
absolutely love this stuff but obviously
you could use tomato ketchup if Mayo is
not for you or any of the sauce that
you'd prefer in terms of folding this is
like the most sustainable way that I've
found you know
- keep it all together so I fold it like
that and then I cut it into two halves
and then just literally pop it into some
foil and then you can just literally put
the foil wrap straight into the like
freezer or fridge whatever but I like to
just pop it in my car
and that is the completely finished meal
prep remember if you try any of these to
tag me on Instagram I would absolutely
love to see your creations and I can
assure you these are really tasty I've
tried all of these having film this
video now and pretty much they're all
gone there but yeah I really hope you
enjoyed this video
so that brings them to the end of this
video I really hope you enjoyed it let
me know if what other like meal preps
you would like to see the loads more
coming and I need on but yeah there's
just so many like alternatives and
eating well clean whatever you want to
call it doesn't have to be like boring
you can really mix things up and the
sewing like substitutes it's just so
many ways to reach your fitness goals in
terms of diet and stuff and that's what
want to produce in these videos but if
you haven't already don't forget to
subscribe to my channel and make sure
you've liked this video if you've got
this far and I'll see you in the next
video